Now fetching the recipe is something you should be able to do.
Keep in mind we're passing it or we may pass it here in onload recipe.
If we click this button here.
So you need to hook up this method and somehow pass the recipe which was selected here.
And make sure that you then extract the data in the recipe detail page.
So two steps to do here.
I believe you can do this in a couple of seconds which gives you time to pause.
I will do this together with you.
So what are you able to do this.
Let's start in the recipes page here and on load recipe.
I want to load the recipe detail page so the single recipe page here for this.
I of course need the nav controller which we already have and check that here.
So hirable use it to push a new page.
And this will be my recipe page.
This one here.
Make sure to add to import of the recipes page or two.
Now this loads the recipe or loads the page but we also need to pass the recipe we selected.
Remember we're replicating this pattern does item here with Engy for.
So I want to pass the recipe as an argument and actually I do also need the index because keep in mind
in the recipes serve as the update recipe method expects to get the index of the recipe to update.
Therefore we definitely need to pass this.
I wise we won't be able to find out which index the recipe has We're editing.
So in my recipes each time I'll file and template of the recipes to onload recipe.
I will pass both the recipe and the index of this recipe.
I'm extracting both in the entry for loop and the typescript file.
I therefore know that I will get the recipe itself which is of type recipe of course and the index which
is a number and I can then simply pass this as arguments when pushing.
So here a little pass passive javascript object because you can pass multiple arguments divided with
a comma here.
That would be a different argument for the push method.
Instead if you want to push more arguments you wrap them in an object.
And here I will pass my recipe which of course holds de-value I pass with this recipe argument and it
will have a property named index which holds the value passed and the index argument like this.
With that I'm passing the data to this recipe page and in the recipe page we can now retrieve it with
Neph parens.
So let me get rid of this year and it will actually keep the injected Neph control and parents for now
since I need both.
And then I want to retrieve the data.
Now I could use I-and you will enter again.
That of course would also mean that I have to place a question mark ifort after recipe because the template
would get rendered before the data is there because I and you will enter will be executed there after
often.
That's important to keep in mind.
Therefore I will use good old on inat again which will be executed before the template is rendered.
Make sure to also imported from an angler court in Engy on in it.
I will then simply retrieve my data and I need this recipe property.
That's the property I'm using Froud my template.
So here and here I'm referencing it all the time it's uninitialized at the beginning.
So in on in it I will set the recipe equal to naff parens and then get a recipe.
Remember I passed two properties to the object that pass your do to have two properties to the object.
I passed your recipe and index.
Now I'm getting recipe so I'm getting the recipe here and I also want to store the index.
Does this number so I can also Agonum set this right away.
Index is Nav. parens get indexed as the second property passed.
So if that i'm retrieving all the data.
Now this should also allow me to see it on the page.
So if we save this now we should be able to navigate to the detail of a recipe and see our detail page
being populated with the data.
Let's quickly add a new recipe your well-known schnitzel here I'm going to add some french fries so
that we can see if this list is output correctly.
Let's actually add a second ingredient to really have a list.
So maybe the meat itself.
Now let's take a new recipe.
Here we are.
Click on it looks good to me.
We got our title difficulty.
The description here then we got a list of items we get to add ingredients to shopping list button and
then we also have is two bodies two buttons here at the bottom.
Now a couple of things I will fix though I want to center the title and the difficulty and description
and this button so quickly go back to that template here and to centredness all I will simply add text
center to the column containing the title and difficulty soda's text center helper directive I to officers
text center do the same forward at description text center and forwarders button here add ingredients
to shopping list.
I will also say text text center like this and if we now Wakely shareit is out like it is now it looks
like I wanted to look however genius as I am I forgot to add some ingredients.
So let's quickly do this.
Add ingredient spaghetti like this now and you recipe.
Let's have a look.
This looks pretty good now.
Looks the way I wanted to look.
Now with dad out of the way we can continue working on this and make this added recipe Buttman works
so that we actually are loading the ad in the recipe page again.
But now with well a real recipe we can add it so in added mode.
Now go ahead and try it on your own if you want.
In a couple of seconds or in the next lecture we will do this to.